Call fipstls.Force() when running in FIPS mode (#964)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/fips/UserGuide.md

Package tls partially implements TLS 1.2, as specified in RFC 5246, and TLS 1.3, as specified in RFC 8446.

Package tls will automatically use FIPS compliant primitives implemented in other crypto packages. 

Since Go 1.22, the Microsoft Go runtime will automatically enforce that tls only use FIPS-approved settings when running in FIPS mode.

> Prior to Go 1.22, a program should import the `crypto/tls/fipsonly` package to configure tls so it is compliant with these restrictions.

Reviewer: Nitpicking--could be more similar to the main doc: 😄 

```suggestion
Since Go 1.22, the Microsoft Go runtime automatically enforces that tls only uses FIPS-approved settings when running in FIPS mode.
Prior to Go 1.22, a program using tls must import the `crypto/tls/fipsonly` package to be compliant with these restrictions.
```

Package tls partially implements TLS 1.2, as specified in RFC 5246, and TLS 1.3, as specified in RFC 8446.

> Package tls will automatically use FIPS compliant primitives implemented in other crypto packages, but it will accept non-FIPS ciphers and signature algorithms unless `crypto/tls/fipsonly` is imported.

Reviewer: (Same here.)
